---
title: "Week 4 Uni Update"
date: 2023-08-20 19:00:00
category: Uni Update
---

SO

WEEK 4

Good lord this semester is moving fast.

---
# Immunology
Bacteriology is the name of the game.

What is Bacteria? What kinda things are in Bacteria? Plasmids? Nucleoids? oooo maybe the Peptidoglycan Layer?! Yep! All of this and more were researched this week.

Honestly, I have written up all of my flashcards, but I've barely look at them xD
I'm gonna get on that, we have a mid semester exam coming up in Week 7 that is based on the first 6 weeks of content for the unit, so **will** get onto it.

But, not too bad so far, learnt how to Gram Stain, go to do that with E. coli in the lab. Gotta see pretty pink colours.

---
# Physiology
As per last post, yeah. The Endocrine System.

Look, it really isn't that complicated, it's just a lot to memorise.

And memorise I did.

...

Or at least what was in the curriculum, I know it's *far* more intricate than what they squashed into one week.

But I'm still happy with how it's going :D

---
# Stats
Now we do have an exam on Friday, but I'm not too stressed.

It's just revision maths content: Logarithms, Exponentials, Algebra, Simultaneous Equations and so on, so I'm gonna do some revision on Thursday then get into it.

As for content, we're actually getting into Stats and Experimental Design!!!

Sampling Error, Sampling Biases, Sampling Methods, and different types of Variables!!!

I'm really excited for where this unit's going to go, and I'm feeling pretty confident with the content so far.

---
So there we go! I uh, think the D&D Campaign Companion project I wanted to work on is going to be delayed, cos some new things have popped up.

I recently got into  a discussion with a family member about the Referendum that's coming up in Australia. And, I have been doing a lot of research into a lot of claims being made surrounding what this constitutional change represents, and what powers it provides.

I am for The Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Voice, but I want to release a post on here as to my reasoning behind my conclusion, just so I have it somewhere I guess, and it lets me redirect people to my blog if they want something to read :P

